- Objective: Assumption that consistent code will help AI add new code/documentation faster, seamless, 

- [ ] Prerequisite: Running codes
  - [ ] Templates are saved in base_config folder in src.

- [ ] Prerequisite: Robust test structure
  - Consistent unfailing tests
  - [ ] Test folder is always independent. see https://github.com/vamseeachanta/assetutilities/issues/53
  - [ ] Create batchfile for each basename
  - [ ] Clean up stale tests etc.
  - [ ] test architecture for creating automatic pull requests to GH.
  - [ ] This architecture gives users to have standalone tests independent of other repository folders


For example the start and result should be in "tests" folder for "excel_utilities", the below folder and contents should be tests and not in docs.
assetutilities\docs\modules\excel_utilities\another_folder

- [ ] Architecture and AI improvements:
  - [ ] Tackle refactoring of code using AI with basename by basename (file by file).
- [ ] Code should be commented such that documentation is left to AI
  - [ ] Additional documentation should be be generated by AI
    - [ ] plantuml WBS is best format as it the most lienar chart charts,
    - [ ] text to help users should go to comments in function.
    - [ ] Documentation should flow from high-level plantuml charts into function comments.
  - [ ] High level ideation and documentation is left to User
- [ ] Repo order:
  - [ ] energydata (SS)

- [ ] Consistent frequently used words for messages and logging
  - [ ] Tests PASS/FAIL (4 letters) across all repos. Success and failure are longer words
  - [ ] Process START/STOP
- [ ] Saving results and files. Consistent cfg across repos
  - [ ] save results of group i.e. utilize label
  - [ ] save group_item results utilize label again?
- [ ] utilize file management where possible
  - [ ] Improve the story #55 if shortfall exists
- [ ] Lint
  - [ ] Utilize AI to fix it for new code
  - [ ] For legacy code, ensure tests exists before using AI to fix. Then retest.
- [ ] All Function 
  - [ ] returns
    - [ ] Utilize a dict to return values. 
  - [ ] lines
    - [ ] 10-20 lines (black?)